Add note that container's `max_instances` are not enforced locally (#23863)
cloudflare/cloudflare-docs: src/content/docs/containers/local-dev.mdx

Additionally, if you regularly rebuild containers locally, you may want to clear
out old container images (using `docker image prune` or similar) to reduce disk used.

> Also note that the `max_instances` configuration option is only enforced when running in production on Cloudflare's network.
> During local development the limit is not applied, so you may run more instances than specified.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Also note that the `max_instances` configuration option is only enforced when running in production on Cloudflare's network. This limit does not apply during local development, so you may run more instances than specified.
```
